README.md, before:

# MAST5112 Part 2

# Github Link
https://github.com/suqdawg/MAST5112

# Youtube Video link
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qhmQ2bJJivw

# Changelog

1. 1.	The home screen displays total number of menu items to select.
2.	Uses core components to create a fully featured user interface.
3.	The app has a predefined list of courses that the chef can choose from, starters, mains and desserts.
4.	Uses layouts to position components on the user interface.
5.	The home screen also displays the menu the chef has chosen.
6.	Applied a colour scheme and images to the user interface.
7.	Handles text inputs.
8.	Uses typescript variables to store data.
9.	The cart has JavaScript functionality to add, remove and calculate items.
10.	 Handles button presses.
11.	Uses typescript to perform actions according to user input.
12.	 On the home page, the chef can add all the menu items to the cart.
13.	Navigate between different screens in an app.
14.	The home page shows the complete menu.
15.	Uses if statements to solve programming problems.

# Screenshots

<img width="393" height="852" alt="hOME" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a5b47be5-c910-49e9-afa2-aa43109cebd7" />

<img width="393" height="852" alt="More" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b615027a-7722-488b-94c1-2b9010c62b0c" />

<img width="393" height="852" alt="Menu" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7b6f6af5-d2b5-44db-8b66-372da3b5000f" />

<img width="393" height="852" alt="Profile" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9d676f3b-1509-4845-a7cb-a86787db9085" />

<img width="393" height="852" alt="Order" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/895a7b63-ef7c-4a2c-9d7b-a10058320b17" />

<img width="393" height="852" alt="Order Done" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/42b3722a-1e64-4edb-a4aa-8cf36f3d9407" />


This is an [Expo](https://expo.dev) project created with [`create-expo-app`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/create-expo-app).

## Get started

1. Install dependencies

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

2. Start the app

   ```bash
   npx expo start
   ```

In the output, you'll find options to open the app in a

- [development build](https://docs.expo.dev/develop/development-builds/introduction/)
- [Android emulator](https://docs.expo.dev/workflow/android-studio-emulator/)
- [iOS simulator](https://docs.expo.dev/workflow/ios-simulator/)
- [Expo Go](https://expo.dev/go), a limited sandbox for trying out app development with Expo

You can start developing by editing the files inside the **app** directory. This project uses [file-based routing](https://docs.expo.dev/router/introduction).

## Get a fresh project

When you're ready, run:

```bash
npm run reset-project
```

This command will move the starter code to the **app-example** directory and create a blank **app** directory where you can start developing.

## Learn more

To learn more about developing your project with Expo, look at the following resources:

- [Expo documentation](https://docs.expo.dev/): Learn fundamentals, or go into advanced topics with our [guides](https://docs.expo.dev/guides).
- [Learn Expo tutorial](https://docs.expo.dev/tutorial/introduction/): Follow a step-by-step tutorial where you'll create a project that runs on Android, iOS, and the web.

## Join the community

Join our community of developers creating universal apps.

- [Expo on GitHub](https://github.com/expo/expo): View our open source platform and contribute.
- [Discord community](https://chat.expo.dev): Chat with Expo users and ask questions.

Commit message:

Revise README with new links and changelog updates
YouTube link and added detailed changelog entries.

README.md, after:

# MAST5112 Part 2

# Github Link
https://github.com/suqdawg/MAST5112

# Youtube Video link
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T0KnwxKQ22M

# Changelog

1.	Fixed Cart calculation for dessert items.
2.	Refactored/renamed the search button to filter button.
3.	Refactored the search page to filter page.
4.	Removed text input bar on search page.
5.	Added 3 buttons named Starters, Mains and Desserts.
6.	Added a functioning link to Dessert “more” page.
7.	Added more product menus details.
8.	Uses arrays to store data on filter page
9.	Fluid navigation between different menu screens.
10.	The cart has JavaScript functionality to add, remove and calculate items.

# OLD Changelog
1. 1.	The home screen displays total number of menu items to select.
2.	Uses core components to create a fully featured user interface.
3.	The app has a predefined list of courses that the chef can choose from, starters, mains and desserts.
4.	Uses layouts to position components on the user interface.
5.	The home screen also displays the menu the chef has chosen.
6.	Applied a colour scheme and images to the user interface.
7.	Handles text inputs.
8.	Uses typescript variables to store data.
9.	The cart has JavaScript functionality to add, remove and calculate items.
10.	 Handles button presses.
11.	Uses typescript to perform actions according to user input.
12.	 On the home page, the chef can add all the menu items to the cart.
13.	Navigate between different screens in an app.
14.	The home page shows the complete menu.
15.	Uses if statements to solve programming problems.

# Screenshots

<img width="393" height="852" alt="hOME" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a5b47be5-c910-49e9-afa2-aa43109cebd7" />

<img width="393" height="852" alt="More" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b615027a-7722-488b-94c1-2b9010c62b0c" />

<img width="393" height="852" alt="Menu" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7b6f6af5-d2b5-44db-8b66-372da3b5000f" />

<img width="393" height="852" alt="Profile" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9d676f3b-1509-4845-a7cb-a86787db9085" />

<img width="393" height="852" alt="Order" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/895a7b63-ef7c-4a2c-9d7b-a10058320b17" />

<img width="393" height="852" alt="Order Done" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/42b3722a-1e64-4edb-a4aa-8cf36f3d9407" />


This is an [Expo](https://expo.dev) project created with [`create-expo-app`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/create-expo-app).

## Get started

1. Install dependencies

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

2. Start the app

   ```bash
   npx expo start
   ```

In the output, you'll find options to open the app in a

- [development build](https://docs.expo.dev/develop/development-builds/introduction/)
- [Android emulator](https://docs.expo.dev/workflow/android-studio-emulator/)
- [iOS simulator](https://docs.expo.dev/workflow/ios-simulator/)
- [Expo Go](https://expo.dev/go), a limited sandbox for trying out app development with Expo

You can start developing by editing the files inside the **app** directory. This project uses [file-based routing](https://docs.expo.dev/router/introduction).

## Get a fresh project

When you're ready, run:

```bash
npm run reset-project
```

This command will move the starter code to the **app-example** directory and create a blank **app** directory where you can start developing.

## Learn more

To learn more about developing your project with Expo, look at the following resources:

- [Expo documentation](https://docs.expo.dev/): Learn fundamentals, or go into advanced topics with our [guides](https://docs.expo.dev/guides).
- [Learn Expo tutorial](https://docs.expo.dev/tutorial/introduction/): Follow a step-by-step tutorial where you'll create a project that runs on Android, iOS, and the web.

## Join the community

Join our community of developers creating universal apps.

- [Expo on GitHub](https://github.com/expo/expo): View our open source platform and contribute.
- [Discord community](https://chat.expo.dev): Chat with Expo users and ask questions.
